Update instructions for turning off MDM on Windows hosts (#38119)
fleetdm/fleet: articles/enroll-hosts.md

2. If MDM is turned on, for macOS, Windows, iOS/iPadOS, and Android hosts:

>   - For macOS hosts, select **Actions > Turn off MDM** to turn MDM off. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - For macOS hosts, select **Actions > Turn off MDM** on the host's details page to turn MDM off. 
```

>   - For Windows hosts, download the [turn off MDM script](https://github.com/fleetdm/fleet/blob/main/it-and-security/lib/windows/scripts/turn-off-mdm.ps1) and deploy via **Actions > Run script** on the host's details page. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - For Windows hosts, download the [turn off MDM script](https://github.com/fleetdm/fleet/blob/main/it-and-security/lib/windows/scripts/turn-off-mdm.ps1), add it to the host's team on the **Scripts** page in Fleet, and run the script via **Actions > Run script** on the host's details page. 
```
